in flesh and blood with the cartoon he is loved by fans of all
or from various parts of the world or would it be to stop being a leader of
audience in 90 countries
I cook here in Brazil.
the reporter Sergio today went to mexico and interviewed robert ball i am actor
who played for decades this character is charming
where he was able to control the movements
it was a part of the price can until now
the traces of the suspected main star were found
I began to find strange the same traits of hot and dry air coming
we treated aggregated are the elements that could only exist in animation
of street of maceió
since October 23 is the worst is that now takes care of the second season yet
Unpublished in Brazil
many of the stories that are inspired by the original series
to watch the various rafael generations
to her the next to the head of the cinanima leaves political rural not
erred and knows if this was created in 1973 that captive to beat the bad guys was arrested
already about spirit the young and young Spanish
a tribute to the side
according to the resident
few Brazilians know
in the interview that granted sbt brazil discovered ball and reminds us in detail
all suffering
Of course I was an actor director and multiple organs
but for Brazilians it will always be
n
in brazil he knows little I was only here on the way to argentina
is obvious action fills the subject but in buenos aires' ended up finding a
group of Brazilians I really do not run by region we never imagined myself
this day the actor realized how much beloved Brazil was
the third
the almargem
The 78-year-old man, Dora, talks about serious issues in the
that a good part of Mexicans he is a critic of international politics
of neighbors the united states'
also for an indefinite period and there are many things that have
for example and in the public school of man who continues to deny applause
quite different from the still funny couples he is the protagonist of a
play ten years ago
record holder
this Sunday several countries in latin america
here he is a trucker who after a summit enters the life of a
family he's been talking about since the date of his father's death alongside his
Dona Florinda's wife on show and in real life
she is also known to the Brazilian public, the actress says that the biggest
merit of the character of the husband
is to let go of the joy
the story of an orphaned homeless boy who had everything to be sad
on the side here we inem nor this particularity
I never saw the interview in an interview that told me about a
of their mottos must exist
never stopped looking at it different it intends to prohibit by prohibiting
foreigners can be young even if they are 90 because they do not have the
occasion of the saints 14 years 15 years
the cart
my life
nobody needs to be fixed